📖 In place propagation of changes affecting Kubernetes objects only (#7331)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/reference/glossary.md

A [patch](#patch) defined inline in a [ClusterClass](#clusterclass). An alternative to an [external patch](#external-patch).

> ### in-place mutable fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### In-place mutable fields
```

Fields which changes would only impact Kubernetes objects or/and controller behaviour
but they won't mutate in any way provider infrastructure nor the software running on it. In-place mutable fields
are propagated in place by CAPI controllers to avoid the more elaborated mechanics of a replace rollout.

> These includes metadata, MinReadySeconds, NodeDrainTimeout, NodeVolumeDetachTimeout and NodeDeletionTimeout but are
> not limited to be expanded in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They include metadata, MinReadySeconds, NodeDrainTimeout, NodeVolumeDetachTimeout and NodeDeletionTimeout but are
not limited to be expanded in the future.
```

Reviewer: (same in the proposal itself)
